# My-Profile
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <title>My Profile</title>
  </head>
  
  <body>
    <h1>Introduction</h1>
    <p>My name is Joshua Yeoh. I was born on the fourth of September in 2002, which means I’ll be turning 19 this year. My family consists of five people and two pets, my father, my mother, my grandmother, my younger sister, our poodle named Sunshine, and a hedgehog named Mochi. My father is of Malaysian descent whereas my mother is of Chinese descent. We were situated on a small island west of Malaysia called Pulau Pinang where it was extremely hot 24/7. Before coming to RMIT I studied in a small school called Dalat International School, it was a small Christian international school and it followed the American education system. Because of that, my friend groups consisted of many foreigners. Due to that fact, I never socialized with many natives of my country. But because I was able to associate myself with a variety of people, I came to find many things that I was passionate about. One of them is my love for music, and because of that, I came to learn how to play many different instruments. Another passion that I have is programming. In high school, I took a computer science class and I found out that I really find joy in programming. I came to realize that I found a passion for creating things. And this is the reason why I find programming to be so much fun. With that said, I also love building. My father loved legos and would often buy many, and I would help him fix the legos. Later into my high school I started gaming more heavily but I didn’t have the hardware to support my gaming addiction, so I built myself a pc. And it was very fun, I would go on to build another one for my sister and then one more coming into Australia. Although I am a gamer, I also love playing sports. In high school, I played soccer and basketball for my school.</p>
    <h2>Personal Profile</h2>
    <p>These test results show how I can work with different types of people. Because not everyone will be as compatible as others, I will have to compromise and find solutions to work with each other so that no conflict will happen. It is essential that a group should know how each other works, so we can discuss and come to a conclusion instead of arguing with each other. These results show me what areas I need to watch out for because not everyone is perfect. It is also a good way to see what I can improve on and make it so that I won’t cause any trouble for anyone moving forward. 
	These results will help my team understand how I work so that we won’t come into any conflict. This can change how team members would work with me, opposed to working with someone they are closer with. These results help influence the team to work in a slightly different way to come up with different kinds of outcomes and solutions. It is good to have your members know what kind of person you are.
	When forming a team, I would like to find people who are more compatible with my personality rather than people who are the total opposite. That would significantly decrease the chances of each member coming into conflict with the other members. But, not always do we get to have everything, so we must compromise even a little for the sake of building an effective team.</p>
    <h3>Interets in IT</h3>
    <p>When I got into high school, I was more engrossed on the internet. I would often spend a whole lot of time on the internet. It was then that I stumbled upon a YouTuber by the name of SomeOrdinaryGamers. His channel focuses on IT topics like machine learning, etc. I was interested, so I took a course in computer science in my third year of high school. I learned a lot about programming and building games, and it was incredibly fun. I figured since I’ve enjoyed this so much, why not pursue it as a career. And so I’m now taking this major in hopes that I’m able to make this into a career moving forward. RMIT was a place my parents introduced to me. My mother had studied in Australia; she had a decent knowledge of the environment and life there. It was a convenient place for me to choose RMIT as I had friends and relatives nearby in case something happens to me. Back when we were searching for colleges, I did not know any other colleges. But since I was looking to study IT, the answer was quite clear. One thing I expect to learn from this course is how technology works and its intricacies; so that I may, one day, learn to improve upon the technology we have now and make a place where people who don’t understand IT as we do feel comfortable and safe using the internet.</p>
    <h4>Ideal Job</h4>
    <p>A job that I find myself wanting to work towards is a game programmer. Since I’ve spent basically all my life playing games, I want to learn how to create them. And so, I’ve found a job from seek.com.au to be my ideal job. Game Programmer, in Big Ant Studios (seek.com.au). I would be fixing any bugs or performance issues within games as that is very common in games. As a gamer, coming across performance issues or bugs are incredibly irritating. So I will do my best to make a place where gamers don’t have to suffer through performance issues when playing a game. But before being able to do all these things, I must first have the skills to be able to be granted the opportunity to do such things. I need to have a good understanding of “C++ or Python, experience in gameplay, network programming, UI/UX or graphics programming.”. I need a “bachelor’s degree in software programming, computer science, or equivalent.”. I need to have some experience in game development, ideally in the gaming industry. Not just technical skills, but the skill to adapt to change is also important. Not to mention flexibility is also an important factor within the game-making industry. Another incredibly important skill needed in this field is the ability to work well with groups, and with that said I definitely need good communication skills in order to do that. But we aren’t perfect, therefore a skill where I am able to learn from my mistakes and improve on what I do is also important. (seek.com.au). But with that said, I do not possess half of those skills. Currently, I only have basic knowledge to no knowledge of C++ and Python, network programming, graphics programming. And definitely the experience of working in the game industry. But I have the skills to be flexible and adaptable, I am able to make adjustments to things when needed. I also have a lot of experience in gameplay as I have spent many hours playing many different kinds of games. I know what problems different games have. Another ability I have is to work well with groups. I can give suggestions and take them when needed. Another ability I have is to learn quickly. As time goes by, I would have hoped to have learned a great deal of programming throughout my courses in this major. And I also would like to improve on those that I currently have.</p>
    <h5>Project Idea</h5>
    <sub>Overview</sub>
    <p>For an IT project, I would like to make a game using unity. I have made a small-scale game using unity in the past, but now I would like to make a bigger scale game that works better. Given the fact that I have more knowledge on how to program now than before, I think it should be a feasible project to do. This will be a space type of game where you operate a spaceship and fly around a 3D world. It is mostly about exploring and visiting different solar systems, but there will be enemies as well.</p>
    <sub>Motivation</sub>
    <p>This project has been sitting on my mind since I’ve created my first game. I’ve always wanted to make a game but never had the knowledge to. Growing up I’ve played many different games, one game I came across was No Man’s Sky. IT wasn’t as popular during its launch, but I love the concept of space where there are an infinite amount of things out there that we do not know. Given the ability to explore an environment like space is so cool. With that said I aim to make a game where we, like a spaceship, will explore the solar system and other things. It is more of a scenic game where there isn’t as much action, rather a game where you get to enjoy the vastness of space and the unknown.</p>
    <sub>Description</sub>
    <p>This game will have many different features. For example, I plan to put different space colonies around where we can visit and interact. I want to make it so that people can interact with these space colonies and get jobs to defeat some enemies or deliver something to a different space colony to earn currency. And with that currency, you can visit the space colonies and buy different ships at different space colonies. That would give an incentive to visit different space colonies. But that will only be a small part of the game, so it won’t have a diverse range of enemies and things to deliver. The bigger part of the game is to have actual planets around the solar system. Although it is there, I don’t plan on making them accessible. It is there for people to admire and look from afar rather than interact. To make them interactable and accessible would be too complicated for a beginner like me. This is a game where you enjoy the sceneries of space rather than doing things. I want to make this game have different solar systems, so we as players aren’t limited to only one solar system. Although I want to make many different solar systems, I would probably make only three to five different solar systems. The game has to be reasonably small, as I am the only one working on this game. This entire game will be in three dimensions, so you can look all around. With that said, I do need to have some knowledge of how the solar systems are. Therefore I plan on doing some research on what space is like before actually starting on this project. A soundtrack would definitely be required for this game, so I plan on finding a soundtrack that fits a space theme. A good soundtrack is essential as it gives the game more life than one without a good soundtrack. This game will be a single-player game. With that being said, I’m not going to implement any storyline in the background as I am not a great storyteller and writer. But there will be some throwaway lore with the characters you meet that will give you missions to deliver or defeat enemies.</p>
    <sub>Tools and Technologies</sub>
    <p>For the kind of tools and technologies, I’m planning to use; it would be unity, as that is the one I’m most familiar with. Back when I was in my high school computer science class, I used unity to build my games. For the programming part, I think I’m going with C++ as that is the most commonly used language to program games. Hardware-wise, I’m set. Shortly after arriving in Melbourne, I went and bought myself pc parts to build a pc. The specs are chosen for gaming, so running the game on this pc should be fine.</p>
    <sub>Skills Required</sub>
    <p>Regarding the skills required for this project, I believe that I have them. To elaborate, the skill required is the ability to program with C++ as it is the programming language that I’m using to program my game. I've thought about using a different language, but I’ve come to settle on this language. Another skill in which I have is the understanding of how to use unity, as I have previous experience using unity. Another skill I would like to have to go into this project is the ability to understand what fits the theme of space, for example; the kind of soundtrack that would fit the theme of space or the colors that would fit space. I would call this an artistic skill more than something technical.</p>
    <sub>Outcome</sub>
    <p>After this project, I will have gained the experience of building a small game on my own. This will help me on the path to becoming a game developer. To have the experiences of my failings during this project will help me grow as a programmer. This game will allow me to do something I’ve always wanted to do, even if it's on a small scale. This will be a step towards programming a full-fledged game.</p>
  </body>
  
</html>
